Added .nvmrc (#525)
Codeminer42/cm42-central: README.md

    # Install the project dependencies
    $ gem install bundler
    $ bundle install

>     $ yarn install [using version 9 of the node](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#deeper-shell-integration)

Reviewer: We don't need the "the" before pronouns like that. What do you think about changing it to:
```suggestion
    $ yarn install (while using Node version 9. Check [this link](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#deeper-shell-integration) if you use NVM)
```
